hello everyone another month another
indie box let's find out what's inside
all right last one was really cool I
really liked those supremely retro
graphics that pottery artists just some
nice towerfall dark world never heard
this game let's see what who has double
covered thingy going on from Matt makes
games I don't know what this game is
about I've heard of it but I do not know
anything about its gameplay as far as
whether it's a platformer adventure what
is it all right up and there we go
oh yeah that's DLC also if it come on
focus focus please focus with all your
might there we go alright it seems to
have DLC with it if the DLC is not
included on the pop-up on the flash
drive I'm gonna have to blur that out so
I could get it for myself because I like
DLC for some reason alright and you know
what I actually played that game DLC
quest it wasn't very good but I liked
what was trying to do and I had fun with
it but so yeah if you see it for sale
which I saw crystal say I want a hand
guy for like a buck or something but if
you see it for sale go ahead and get it
just to have a get a little laugh about
it the game should be fun
even if their premises what makes it fun
alright now let's open this breach in
what's our first item ah poster alright
let me see if I can you know what its
gonna be like the last one no no there
we go we just open it this way and you
know why I don't like they're cool what
is this oh happy birthday to me this is
like a Burger King hat type thing I
don't know that's what they were going
for but to me would I see this it's like
oh hey it's a crown okay or not is it I
don't know if this is something you put
on
or something but if it's supposed to be
a crown then they may have four people
with really huge heads Wow okay yeah
that could be interesting I was gonna
say I don't like the posters when they
wrap it up like that because then it's
impossible to get it straightened out
it always has that thing going on what
oh well what's next in this thing it's
hot it's got tons of stuff in here nice
oh wow
okay now we're talking alright this is
not a very good controller like for
instance on the super retro tree which
is fantastically amazing I recommend
anyone go ahead and get those from them
because they cloned the Super NES
controller absolutely perfectly but this
one it's it's the same one that we got
in the what was that Super win the game
and again it does have its problems the
d-pad is a little too fat so it doesn't
really feel right it also bottoms out
watch you see a good a good d-pad it
shouldn't do that and you know what let
me see if I could illustrate that for
you yes okay I have a little bag of
spares right here off my desk let me
illustrate something for you guys okay
this is a badly designed d-pad because
it bottoms out so you see when you're in
the heat of the heat of battle ER or
whatever you're doing they're usually an
action game or a platformer you tend to
put a lot of pressure on the d-pad and
so you see if you put too much pressure
on it then it just bottoms out and you
can't move left or right but if it's a
well-designed d-pad it'll be like this
Nintendo DS Lite d-pad let me see can
you guys see it yeah I think you guys
can see it anyways you'll see the
difference with this is that they
include this little little thing on the
bottom and sorry you guys this thing is
having trouble focusing but you see it
has like a little ball that is right
there on the bottom and that prevents
the d-pad from bottoming out I don't
know if Nintendo has a patent to that or
what but all the cheap D pads all the
cheap controllers out there they don't
have that and that's why it bottoms out
because you see with this you can go
ahead and still bottom out and still
swivel it left and right so therefore
even while you have pressure on there
you can still move left and right with
these ones it's a lot more difficult
doesn't have that but anyways so that
just shows that Nintendo
that was a good design that they went
for I don't know if they have a patent I
or what but all the cheap d-pads can't
do that
the super retro trail controller which
is a clone of the Super NES controller
now and it does have that little ball
right there so it is a well designed
controller it's perfect actually but
anyways this one I like that they went
with the Super Famicom colors right
there I don't know if that's correct cuz
I never had one and I don't have the new
3ds so I don't know if that's the
correct pattern that they are going for
but that still looks pretty nice this
sticker on top of this is actually
pretty cheap it seems like they didn't
fit it correctly because at the very top
it kind of goes over and at the bottom
it's actually perfect how it just sits
on top of it but overall I like that
they include this I always like it when
they include controller and sorry this
thing is scratching the table right
there
making a little sound what's next any
box newsletter these things can actually
be pretty cool because sometimes it's
just propaganda but other times it'll
actually have like interviews with the
developers or with with what was that
captain forever remix it was like half
this little like activity book but oh
okay look look it is supposed to be a
crown get along the deadlines don't cut
off your fingers okay ah so it has a
little latch or something on there yeah
there we go that's what that is
so it does fit in there it is a crown
that's pretty cool and what the heck
important our fall update
huh it's funny why she a paper is one of
those things that yeah oh jeez okay so I
guess I had to update it or something
okay this is just an installation notice
what else is in here this is instruction
manual whoo yarn hair is really really
nice look at that
ah that actually looks it very very
beautiful what kind of a game is this I
don't know what it is uh oh
where they do there's different face
plates I guess so I got this one right
here and I guess there's different ones
that you can get huh interesting
game summary wins this game about I'll
see a gameplay footage on here it looks
kind of like a roguelike just cuz it has
all these items and stuff that you could
pick up okay moving on towerfall dark
world sticker the game itself very cool
any box sticker yeah they didn't do
anything like special except for
coloring in the eyes in indie box and
everything else
ooh what is this this is oh no it's
almost like black material you know
let's say some big cloth thing
fascinating alright that was it okay
that's all that was in the box that's
pretty cool alright I shall see how this
game performs alright guys I've been
playing towerfall I haven't been able to
put a lot of time into it though I've
just been a little busy lately but so
far I'm really liking the game the
mechanics in this game are great you
basically have like a set amount of
arrows and you need to recover those
arrows because you can't really get any
refills or anything the controls are
really easy to get the hang of there's
only three buttons there's a button to
shoot the arrows a button to jump and a
button to - you could also shoot in
eight different directions but it could
be hard to get diagonals at times I
really wish they would have gone with
like an analogue shot so you could angle
it to whatever degree you needed to but
then again if they did that you wouldn't
be able to use that Super NES style
controller they it came with speaking of
which like I predicted that controller
sucks it just doesn't feel like it's
sensitive enough you really have to put
pressure on the direction that you want
to go or else it won't read it I still
prefer the 360 controller and while the
controls in this game are okay the
platforming is really strange
are some platforms that just aren't easy
to get to without using the - button and
that can make moving around the level
pretty awkward but thankfully you could
also exit one side of the level and come
out the other so I like that that's a
mechanic from the old arcade games that
you don't really see very often this
game isn't too difficult when you're
playing on just a normal setting but
hardcore mode really lives up to its
name and that extra difficulty really
magnifies all the parts that make this
game so difficult there's a lot
happening on screen all the time so it's
really hard to keep an eye on everything
so you don't run into enemies because
it's very easy to do that and you'll
start running out lives very quickly and
that isn't helped by the fact that you
have to keep track of your arrows again
you only have a set number of them it's
hard to find extras so you have to pay
attention and make a mental note of
where each of them lands because you're
gonna have to recover them later I
install the dark world expansion which
thankfully did come on the flash drive
and it makes a huge improvement you
could select a double jump and that
makes the platforming so much easier I'm
really enjoying this game by knee to
spend more time with it but from what I
see so far it's very good and I do
recommend it and that's all I got for
today thanks for watching I'll see you
guys next time